
# ror-project-one-8
This is a full stack web application called British soap listing producers for British soaps. Each user can add, edit, and delete producers into this blog space. When the user clicks on the show button, they will be able to add a soap for each producer and make reviews on their opinions for each soap that is submitted. This is essentially an app so users can put across their opinions for each soap or if they want to know more about any particular soap, then they can find out through other users reviews. When you add a producer the first name and second name field cannot be empty otherwise it will render back on the same page. Each user can also delete the reviews uploaded if they wish to do so.

My main struggles throughout this project, was getting all the functionality working, by making sure all my relationships between the producers, soaps and reviews were clearly stated and making sure its plural and singular when it needs to be. When using scaffold some of the code was not compatible with the version of rails on this PC, so necessary changes needed to be made to the code. I overcame my struggles by using stack over flow a lot, as all the errors I kept getting were mainly all common errors. 

In my sprint two, I will be adding an admin user, so they can view and delete all data submitted on this blog space. A comments section for producers will also be included, so users can put across their views on the executive producers for each Soap.  More styling will also be added to make the web application for visually pleasing and each user would be able to upload an image of each producer when submitting information about them.
